welcome to GTV
Here I am again is lobster bar what's
going on - okay so he's gonna teach me
and you guys how to make the best Caesar
salad in the entire world I don't really
even like to yourself that much I really
don't but there's something so special
about the Caesar salad the first thing
we're gonna do is have all our
ingredients over here we're gonna start
with the coddled the eggs for 20 seconds
so basically to me I don't know what I
don't even know what we have to like
talk to it they can feel like it's
skinny so basically we're gonna put the
eggs in boiling water for 20 seconds
just to warm them on I'll handle this
part that I want you to get hurt I am
what I know not to be trusted
yeah 20 seconds
so why we're doing that yes absolutely
just gonna leave the eggs right on the
side we're gonna take the garlic we're
gonna place it on the board and then
just with your knife just crush it down
just like that
so I'll get one more and then you have
to do the rest of it garlic so simple
right watch out when she has a knife so
what we're gonna do now is we're gonna
salt the garlic just soften it up okay
generously cover this up completely
covered completely cover it like a
snowstorm by about two to two and a half
cups we're gonna take the eggs yeah all
right wait you just crack them just like
this and drop them in no thank you
scrape the shell oh why can't I forget
it why can i crack it the way I'm just
doing cuz I don't know what you were
doing so and now we go scrape the shell
with the school you don't want to leave
all that good stuff in there mucus out
oh you got a little shell in there
you're gonna take the whisk this way can
I do whatever you want taste it until
you know what you're doing right mate
what like it's a Manilla
so we want to do is so then we're just
gonna add this a little bit of lemon
juice to it it's about a tablespoon and
a foot whisk
we're just gonna put this on the side
and we're gonna finish after the garlic
with the back of your knife you're just
gonna easily press away like this and
it's gonna crush so glad you like this
point you mush it and then you chop it
absolutely scoop it scoop it right up
throwing the ball now do another case of
to assault this detective whisking our
makeup perfect no we want to do is piss
off Paige pepper yeah
we have salted anchovy that we rinsed
off
we wrapped in paper towel to dry them
you want to chop as small as you can
I want you to take your hands in here
and grace the lettuce up okay so that's
a perfect right so here's we're gonna do
you're just gonna grab a little pinch
I'm gonna do the intro nothing it's like
nothing right grab yourself a handful of
cheese I know you like a big old hand
fortune I wish my hands are bigger so I
could get a bigger I want like all of it
yeah
grab yourself a handful of croutons
these are English muffins through time
so you want to get yourself here one
nice full two months later and drop it
in there now get in there and mix like
this
let's toss it you want to toss it it's
salad you want me to toss this out yes I
want you to toss the salad
absolutely I can't believe anyone
delicious right and how simple was up
you to make the perfect Caesar salad
you've got to try this you gotta make it
a Beulah man thank you guys thanks for
hanging out with us and don't forget to
subscribe to Tay
Jean